Q: How to claim a warranty/register a complaint?

A: Step 1: Go to "www.support.boat-lifestyle.com"

Step 2: Click on "Claim your warranty"

Step 3: Fill out the form and check for service center availability. In this section, you can claim a warranty by filling out a form. Also, you can check for the nearest service center

Product Group: Enter your product category (Example: Wired earphones/Bluetooth earphones)

Product: Select the model of the product (Example: boAt Rockerz 500 Red).

Pin code: Enter the pin code that is serviceable at your location. If the pin code is not serviceable, try to enter an alternate address.

Step 4: If the service center is not available near your location, another form "Complaint Registration" will appear on the screen. Fill out this form and then you will be eligible for door-to-door replacement.

Q: How to check the warranty status?

​A: Step 1: Go to "https://support.boat-lifestyle.com/"

Step 2: Click on "Track your Warranty Ticket".

Step 3: Enter Your registered mobile number and ticket number and then click on "Track". Your warranty status will appear on the screen

Q: How can I get my invoice?

A: To get your invoice of the purchase please follow these steps:

Boat Website:  

Visit our website: https://www.boat-lifestyle.com/

Click on the top right profile icon beside the search bar and then click on "Login".

Please enter your mobile number and click on "Send OTP". Now enter the OTP that you receive via SMS and then click on "Continue" button. You have now successfully logged in to your boAt Lifestyle account.

Click on the profile icon once again and select the option "My Orders".

Locate the product/order ID on the orders page.

Click on the "Manage your order" tab on right side against the order for which you need the invoice.

Finally click on "Invoice" option to download it.

Amazon:

Login into Amazon

Go to ‘Returns & Orders’ 

Click Invoice (drop-down) - Invoice 1 or P-slip/Warranty 1
​
Flipkart: 

Login into Flipkart 

Go to your order 

Select Order 

Download Invoice

Snapdeal:

Login into Snapdeal 

Go to your order 

Get Invoice. 
​
Paytm: Paytm sends an email to the customer (Invoice Copy) Or Kindly contact the seller in order to get the Invoice

Myntra: Myntra sends an email to the customer (Invoice copy) Or Kindly contact the seller in order to get the invoice.

Nykaa: 

Visit the seller website www.nykaa.com 

Login to your account 

Hover over your profile name in the top right corner and click on “My Orders” 

Select the respective order and click on “Download Invoice”.

Paytm Mall: 

Visit the seller website www.paytmmall.com

Login to your account -> Click on “My Orders”

Click on the order for which you need the invoice

Click on the Invoice option on the order details page

Tata Cliq: 

Visit the seller's website www.tatacliq.com 

Login to your account 

Visit “My Orders” in the “My account” section 

You will find the Download/ Request invoice option on the order details page. Any Offline Store: Please contact the respective seller to get the invoice for the product.

Q: Why have I not received my product after issuing the warranty replacement?
A: Usually, after issuing the replacement product, it takes around 0-5 business days to deliver the shipment to your doorstep.
If the replacement product has not been picked even after 5 business days then kindly email your query at info@imaginemarketingindia.com for all the warranty and service-related issues or call Customer Service on 022-6918-1920 for further assistance.

Q: Why has my product not been picked up for replacement yet?
A: The Turnaround time (TAT) for picking up the faulty product unit is between 0-3 business days right from creating the AWB (Airway Bill) of our courier partners.
If this issue persists and exceeds the TAT then please call our Customer Service at 022-6918-1920 for all the warranty and service-related issues. 

Q: Do you have any queries for Bulk Sales?
A: Drop your query at Corporates@imaginemarketingindia.com and the concerned person will get back to you at the earliest possible.